funhouse is sponsored by expressvpn it's
not time to hack don't let hackers steal
your financial details secure your
privacy at expressvpn comm / funhouse
[Music]
you know the great philosopher Jimmy
Buffett once said if we couldn't laugh
we'd all go insane I want to see if
that's true
I'm Geoff Ramsey co-founder of Rooster
Teeth productions here in Austin Texas
we're the Internet's favorite place for
comedy and gaming content and we're
known for being funny very funny me
especially as my employees are paid to
tell me they all think they're so funny
but today we're gonna settle the score
I've gathered 12 of the most hilarious
from our channels to compete in the
ultimate internet laugh challenge we're
putting six hours on the clock and
locking them in a room together where
they have to try to make each other
laugh the catch if you laugh you lose
we're gonna see who gets the last laugh
[Music]
you may ask yourself Geoff will this
really determine who the funniest person
in Rooster Teeth is and I think the
answer is yes but not the way you think
it's clearly me because I'm torturing
these people and they can't stop me each
competitor starts with three lives if
they break laugh smirk anything they
lose a life if they lose all three lives
they're eliminated I'm nothing if not
creative and prepared for all situations
so I've got a few tricks up my sleeve to
help grease the comedic wheels if and
when needed and also each contestants
given a duffle bag to pull whatever they
wanted it props costumes whoopee
cushions dildos more dildos it doesn't
matter whatever they think they can use
to make the other people laugh this is a
really interesting social experiment
take a bunch of really funny people
whose job is to make each other laugh
all day and try to get them to make each
other laugh while not laughing
themselves I don't know it's
be hard as hell to do the stage is set
let's meet our competitors first one oh
boy I got here early that's embarrassing
Michael Jones the front runner yeah
that's real put that back
tarp it start
oh I could put this cactus on my butt
that'd be pretty funny yeah alright pump
in the gas my name is Michael Jones and
I work in achievement hunter which means
I don't really work I play video games
and I break a lot of things and I bother
people while they try to do real work I
think Michael probably has a really good
shot of winning he has a level of
commitment to a bit that I think is
unparalleled in roosterteeth and if he
gets into a character watch out that's
why hello it's a slow response time
listenin you in already mm-hmm looks
like there was a omnipresent that's not
the right word how many president uh no
it was prescient I got a present it was
a voice that was sounded kind of like
pee-wee Herman and then it did not reply
so I don't know I think the computer
went down Oh
I'm Lindsey Jones I do a few different
things here I work on Ruby camp camp and
Achievement Hunter my main strategy
today and in life in general is to make
people uncomfortable well Lindsay is the
Achievement Hunter a wild card for a
reason I have no idea what to expect
from her Lindsay what are you gonna be
doing tonight I'm we're gonna get laid
but it will be something competing
against your spouse is weird for most
people maybe that would be reassuring
that your spouse is there it is not for
me
I am absolutely on edge now I'm worried
there's gonna be like a bonus section
where it's just me and Michael facing
off like maybe we eliminate one of the
Joneses first and then we start the
competition so yeah this guy talked
about a joke okay you're my favorite
parents my name is Adam Kovac and I'm a
co creative director over at fun house
that's not sarcastic that's just what my
voice sounds like
I'm very deadpan this is just sort of
how I talk and for whatever reason
people laugh at it Adam I'm worried
about cuz he has this innate at his core
in his soul sadness was a good idea
that's gonna be hard to break through
he's kind of funny to laugh at but I
don't know that there's a lot of joy in
him he might be a hard one to break very
polite of you do not I mean yeah I
didn't know who was in here my name is
Jessica vasami I am a producer at
roosterteeth and I am also one of the
roosterteeth core cast members as well
well okay
Jessica's a bit of a weirdo I don't
quite know what to expect from her
I'm coming in as nice as possible as
sweet as pie so they can just kind of
forget about me ignore me because you're
like she won't last but really I'm gonna
kill them all when we put bags yeah I'm
bling Gibson
I'm a writer in director at Rooster
Teeth productions I'm an elite athlete
but my strongest muscle is my brain and
that makes me the meet the most smart
blades like a dumb jock who likes Star
Wars
who still thinks he's fat shorter furry
I think there's a lot of neuroses
wrapped up than that I don't know how
it's gonna show itself her sleeping I'm
eating hi I'm afraid Diaz and I am on
camera talent for a group of people
called cheap my hunter afraid oh man
he's easily the most competitive one of
the bunch
I should be evidenced from hardcore
table top season one and from all of his
mini eSports victories and tryouts he
doesn't like to lose
I know there's a lot of funny people in
the room and they're just gonna have an
assortment of gadgets in their bag I
feel like everyone's gonna become really
numb to all these different props and
big display of comedy so I think the
subtle nod here and there could get them
that's impressive
thank you Michael Michael my name is
Fiona Nova and I'm a cast member at
Achievement Hunter
being a New Yorker really trained me to
just be stoic and poised whenever weird
[__] happens around me I had the guests
Fiona will be the first one eliminated
she's very funny but she's also a little
gable buster
the underestimate how it's happening
really my name is Elise Williams and I
am a producer on-camera personality and
co creative director at the comedy
gaming channel fun house be happening
Elise has a level of self effacing
awkward humor that really catches you
off-guard it was gonna be she'll make
you laugh before you even realize she
was funny and I think she'll get a lot
of people that way my strategy today is
to bring my a-game with my comedy of
course but then to also keep in mind
everyone who is ever wrong to me in my
life and use that as fuel my name is
John Smith and I'm an editor / producer
at funhouse alright people have been
laughing at me my whole life and I don't
know why but I'm just gonna go in there
and be myself and I'm gonna go all the
way for the first time in my life see
you wearing Crocs Oh crops no I'm
putting myself in a bad position by
sitting near John it's are we allowed to
smile and laugh yes
oh oh oh [__] why is your hand so wet
nervous okay yeah he just keeps making
me laugh and the game hasn't even
started yet so I feel like I'm screwed
[Music]
I'm Chris Damaris and I write and I
direct and I act and I would also do I
accidentally stole a toy from charity
for kids that's what you wear in your
normal life Chris did you not follow the
[__] rules
sometimes I dress nice we were told to
come in our normal clothes and Chris
clearly cheated I do wear a bandana
something yeah this is not what I would
say is my 100% my normal outfit it the
shirts a little baggy and yeah I don't
normally wear these shoes these boots
these kick-ass boots but they're
kick-ass boots I mean I look like I'm
coming out of Dragon Ball Z or something
I don't know I'm gonna do stupid things
and keep a straight face I think I can
win am I gonna get a penalty for the
boots baby I guess the best way I could
describe Chris as mostly human my name
is James Williams and I am a co creative
director at the channel fun house comedy
is something I value and I like to know
that when it comes to comedy I can't be
beaten James is really quick and really
fast on his feet and has got a very
acerbic wit I don't know that James has
a weakness this is the last moment we're
gonna get to have fun inside away why
did I not being fun very soon
I'm glad y'all decide to join me this I
came to work what are y'all doing I'm
Gustavo sorola I'm a co-founder here at
roosterteeth I guess I'm also an
executive producer and I could pretty
much do whatever the hell I want we were
instructed to dress a little nicer than
normal but I already work tuxedo
everyday cuz I'm you know very rich so
is that Giorgio Armani what are you what
are you wearing is that is that the one
designer you know Giorgio Armani nail
this I'm older than most of the
contestants so I'm gonna contaminate
everyone to keep them in their place
outlast those young whippersnappers our
cast of competitors is assembled for
from Achievement Hunter a bunch of
misfits who play video games and break
stuff for a living then there's four
from roosterteeth core known for
sketches and lifestyle comedy and of
course or from funhouse our West Coast
cousins with a penchant for a reverent
and wacky humor these groups definitely
have their rivalries but let's be clear
all that dies at the door in this game
it's every competitor for themselves
[Music]
hello welcome and congratulations on
being invited to participate in last
laugh part game show part challenge part
social experiment for the next six hours
the twelve of you will be locked in this
room with one mission make each other
laugh to determine which among you is
the funniest person in roosterteeth next
to me the rules are simple each of you
has three lives if you laugh if you
smirk if you chuckle and I see it I'm
gonna cue this
gameplay will stop and I will subtract
from you one life feel free to disagree
with me or argue with me but it will not
sway my opinion I am the ultimate and
only authority if you lose three lives
you are eliminated I have cameras hidden
all over this room so I will see it when
you laugh if you try to hide it I will
see that as well
and you will be punished by losing a
life you may only leave the room through
that door and for the purpose of going
into our changing room if you want to
put on a costume prepare a bit whatever
you only have two minutes in that room
and there are cameras so if you try to
cheat - or try to laugh we're gonna
catch you
do I have any questions what constitutes
a smile like how far can we go like it's
up to my discretion yes Chris what
happens if we run out of time and
there's still more than one person
you're all very funny I have the utmost
faith in you Chris likes to touch people
is that allowed I know you're used to
dealing with Chris I'm sure you're used
to being touched by a few respectful
with each other's personal space you
know not everybody wants to be touched
as much as you do so take that into
consideration now do you guys wanna know
what you're playing for yes yeah well I
did tell you we're determining who aside
from myself as the funniest person in
the company you will also receive a
pretty sweet trophy and one thousand
dollars it is American currency - listen
I've made a lot of bad bets and I owe a
lot of money to a lot of people and I
really need this fifteen thousand
dollars like don't get me wrong a
thousand dollars is a lot of money it's
not like change your life money but for
somebody like Chris it could be I could
write in ambulance and pay for like a
third of it with a thousand dollars so
I'm yeah it's a thousand dollars about
this you're up to the task I didn't know
their stakes this day are they're vegan
stakes
alright please save the company
all right no other questions doesn't
look like no good if you do have any
other questions just save them for
season two okay a little walk out of
here we're gonna start this countdown
and let's get to it
best of luck was that why is it that
women's skins are so much thicker than
you know when you're having a sleepover
with your friends and it's like 3:00 in
the morning and you're all beyond
exhausted but nobody wants to go to
sleep because you don't want the night
to end
so every stupid thing is ten times
funnier than it should be that's what I
want today to be let's get started
[Music]
everyone split up look for clues yeah
it's not an escape room what's in it
will be funny forever what is this I
found that in the box I don't know if
it's like a clone box it's not a it's
not an escape room I'm just gonna say it
out loud what's in your bag Chris got a
lot stuff ya know ya know it's been
Durman Franken if we work together and
we find the key we can get out of here
together I'll just jump through the
window what's in your bag Jessica I'm
trying to find my tent and I have it's
not in there
taken at my abortion I feel like you
guys can't take each other out
that's that's a stalemate right here is
if you're left
but we're left with each other you know
what makes each other laugh yeah but
you're also desensitized to it I'll be
honest we got to get people the [__] out
of here just because it's too cluttered
too loud there's too many [__] in
here a lot of people walked in thought
the room was pretty big not that big
can't wait till some of you start to get
eliminated it's really hard to keep eyes
on all of you at the same time there's a
picture of my sperm goodbye and mm-hmm
you see my goatee I actually shaved my
beard specifically for this competition
shaved it down to a goatee knee that's a
small teeny tiny goatee wait no John
John Smith is like low-key one of the
funniest people ever he could look at me
cross-eyed and do a silly voice and I'd
just be done for but in like James and
Elise I'm so screwed so I'm gonna try to
avoid those guys like the plague
use lemons lilies leek you gonna be on
TV Michael I want to live like that
woman's wind like what's up Chris when
life was he didn't he know where he was
going with that he was starting it and
then really didn't make any sense and he
bailed look at this you can plug this
chance this is gonna be on TV I want to
look my best
do you guys want me to dance while you
play
[Music]
that's a smile that is definitely a
smile every time we should always go it
was John what's happening you lost the
life buddy there was a smooth Murtaugh
release with their judge so I get
playing for my jugs you know I
definitely smirk there i smirk a lot I
don't even know what I'm smirking Alfred
is covering his mouth that's a no-no
yeah hate to see it but I thank my man
Alfredo may be the weakest link I'm
putting it down to two lives buddy with
me being the first one to lose a life
it's fantastic
great now I'm at Target all right we're
gonna spit it back out smoker big target
I just didn't know did you think you'd
be the first one Fredo good start that's
dirt no it's a dart all right do we have
to try anything
Gus is allergic to lemons keep it away
from me - here goes this seems like a
really good it's covered in cheese
that's why I got up I can overcome don't
give me a kiss gun cuz I got you some
ice they're super don't play this game
into human Hunter whoa
do you stick it through your skin oh my
god prop Darian pal hilarious I'm
surprised I didn't hit him with the
sound board
if somebody laughs at that they should
be fired right that's like oh that's
yeah yeah oh my god that was that was
bad I'm sorry that was bad have a great
angle but I think it'll be fine ready go
back at them no back in this town you're
gonna make it oh you're gonna break a
kid but you're not gonna stay I don't
know what someone did know who do you
think it was don't know I'm a little
worried it was me really yeah what's up
you left
damn you lost a life down to two hoots
you like what gotcha I don't know
what awesome thanks bud I'm a really
generous laugher I picked up the dart to
throw the dart with Chris and it did not
work at all
so I kind of nervously laughed in
response to that and it got me so well
done itself you got played by yourself
and I'll be honest with you it didn't
seem particularly funny I don't know it
wasn't funny in any way
what is it cheap menteur doing if a team
of hundred had standards we wouldn't be
living up to them at all I don't expect
anybody from Achievement Hunter to win I
don't really care if we
but the first two but come on keep it
together here what's what's happening I
think they're starting to feel the
pressure back at it I think we need to
call a meeting cuz it I mean we ought to
help cheap hunter out here let's meeting
at the table come on you guys yeah this
achievement enterprise oh please alright
so we gotta keep achieving the game cuz
the cheap manner keeps laughing come on
Achievement Hunter part of it what you
guys do is is you wanted the laughter
you guys want the laughter because then
the audience knows it's funny I just
want to make myself laugh with the food
just because no I don't yeah you do it's
on your nose too it's not [__] it's a
brown nose I could use brown
I got your New York accent I'll be
honest I don't I didn't really hear on
wait a minute what the [__] who's
[__] around
who touch something around who touched
Blaine [__] her who touch Blaine so
what touchscreen someone touched him who
kisses so what you would know it's never
happened did you consent right what the
whole did that willingly do that check
his penis who did that someone alert HR
kick Glenn out here who did it I don't
know hey Jessica hmm that's really great
coffee's a virus it's kind of like over
it's not like perfect
but where's ate sicko b09 all right you
can't say that anymore
you say LeBron yeah that's tarnishing
his memory yeah go you gotta go Pippin
Pippin is Scottish for Lord a doctor
mm-hmm Billy Boyd yeah Scottish Scottish
Scottish Pippin yeah Scottie Pippin like
the basketball domain public domain
Chinese national anthem her dad sees it
she's it changing room changing room for
John my strategy in this competition is
the element of surprise
I think that I can actually break people
I got a be offensive
I got a do this I'm gonna win let's do
it right now I think this is gonna get
some people I think I just miss about to
get somebody I did have to go to the
changing room and adjust it
fan out that whale tail so it was
undeniable what was sticking out of my
pain right what happened guys
hey let's round up lots for Lindsey
schebler baby I've been working all
morning Thank You Christian clap please
[Applause]
kind of weird Chris gave me the baby
that
[Applause]
John it was a baby John did you know
that was communica FEX smile what Jeff
he was you that was a genuine smile
no it wasn't ya was no I went to be
happy to the group keep doing that might
have wasn't a genuine smile my genuine
smile looks like this listen the rules
are quite clear a smile a smirk it's a
smile
Lisa's down one Lindsey's down one
Alfredo's down one I'm never catching
another baby pass again yeah I don't do
that I throw the baby you live and you
learn
I don't agree with Jeff's ruling but I
respect it alright let's start it back
up I'm not gonna I do have an answer but
in trouble that's it so you're gonna win
and a thousand dollars let's see if you
can put it up your butt James oh nice
one no I'm on you I'm on you can we get
a hand what was it the thought I think
it was John what thought John laughed at
himself how are your balls honestly I
had to cut the have you been wearing
I've been wearing this you gotta forget
the exist nothing
James Willems what has lost one life
can we get a hand I tried to hide it
tried strain but Jeff saw me and I don't
know how he thought me how that my guard
down
James's subtle smirk did not go
unnoticed and it cost him big at nearly
a half hour into this game Alfredo
Lindsey Elise and James are all down one
life and the tensions are starting to
build my decision is final
okay this is kind of fun to watch
because funhouse truly believes they're
the funnier version of Achievement
Hunter and achieve lahood or truly
believes they're the funnier version of
funhouse and so getting to watch them
stuck in a room going toe-to-toe is
pretty entertaining
it was pretty satisfying to see James
and Elise crack you know fun house kind
of helmed the show so you think maybe
they were a little more prepared for it
and it's finally time that James gets a
strike how do you like that yeah big
beautiful muscly man take that got a
drop in X - next time on last laugh if
you elect me I can promise you wonder
so this competition is a nightmare oh my
god this is perfectly Chris I think it's
time to ratchet up the chaos
[Music]